---
layout: single
title: "About the project"
permalink: /projects/tennis_club_dashboard/0.about_project/
comments: false
author_profile: true
read_time: true
toc: true
toc_label: "Table of Contents"
toc_sticky: true
categories: ["tennis_club_dashboard"]
---

# Background

- I am the president of a tennis club where a fixed 12 players play doubles every Thursday.
- The club operates on a fall/winter season system, and one season consists of about 15 weeks.
- Although 12 people only gather once a week to play, the accumulated data so far is not small and will continue to increase in the future.
    - As of 2022, the club has had three seasons in a year and a half.
    - Also, since 12 people play a total of 9 games every week, the number of games so far is approximately 9 games * 15 weeks * 3 seasons = 405 games. The number of games will continue to increase as the season progresses.
    - Ranking ponts of 12 players increase or decrease according to the result of each match.

# Purpose

- Before I joined the club, this kind of information was being managed and shared through Excel sheets.
- There were some problems with sharing information through the Excel sheet, and it was judged that these problems would get worse as the season went on.
    - The calculation of the players' ranking points was not automated, so it took a lot of time every week.
    - It also contains information for the purpose of managing the club, such as fines, absences, and accounting information, so it is mixed with unnecessary information for players.
    - It's hard to find information about past matches.
    - visually complex
- So, by building a database for tennis clubs and visualizing information through a dashboard, I tried to solve the problems of the existing Excel sheet.
- In addition, by providing a variety of information that was not possible in the Excel sheet, I wanted to help club players improve their tennis skills by focusing more on club activities.
- I also wanted to build a pipeline so that these databases could be automatically updated weekly.